Who is the woman next to Mei Shao?
I want him to be so respectful
I heard that Reja entered the Cullen temper, who else?
Qualified to make him so afraid
You don't know that.
Rumor has it yesterday
Zhao Yu addressed a woman as grandmother at the hotel
This person is likely to be the woman of the ancestral lord
true or false?
Of course it's true.
Miss Hu and I are friends in July
I saw it with my own eyes
I didn't expect it.
Miss Hu has never seen the lead singer before
This lead singer asked Zhao Yu to change directly
You are the mother
You can see the charm of Miss Hu
Mr. Lei, you are welcome.
But on such an important occasion
Don't call it that yet
After all, Lord Ancestor is not really good yet
Negative of my identity
That being the case
Then I dare to call you Miss Wu
It's for the best.
Ashamed to say that?
I am just a businessperson
I haven't seen the true face of the ancestor yet
heard
Miss Wu met the new advocate yesterday
What is your height and appearance?
It's convenient for me to meet you later.
Forestry Forestry
industry
What's up?